Sync with ballerina 0.990.3 (#12)
wso2-ballerina/module-amazons3: amazons3/Module.md

amazons3:Client amazonS3Client = new(amazonS3Config);
```

The `createBucket` remote function creates a bucket.
If the creation was successful, the response from the `createBucket` function is a `Status` object with the success value. If the creation was unsuccessful, the response is an `error`.

```ballerina
var createBucketResponse = amazonS3Client->createBucket(bucketName);
if (createBucketResponse is amazons3:Status) {

>     // If successful, prints the status of the operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // If successful, print the status of the operation.
```

    io:println("Bucket Status: " + status);
} else {
    // If unsuccessful, print the error returned.
    io:println("Error: ", createBucketResponse);
}

```

The `getBucketList` remote function retrives the existing buckets. It returns a `Bucket[]` object if successful or `error` if unsuccessful.

```ballerina
var getBucketListResponse = amazonS3ClientForGetBucketList->getBucketList();
if (getBucketListResponse is amazons3:Bucket[]) {
    io:println("Name of the first bucket: " + getBucketListResponse[0].name);
} else {
    io:println("Error: ", getBucketListResponse);
}
```
## Example
```ballerina
import ballerina/io;
import wso2/amazons3;

amazons3:AmazonS3Configuration amazonS3Config = {
    accessKeyId: "<your_access_key_id>",
    secretAccessKey: "<your_secret_access_key>",
    region: "<your_region>",
    amazonHost: "<your_host_name>"
};

amazons3:Client amazonS3Client = new(amazonS3Config);

public function main(string... args) {
    string bucketName = "testBallerina";
    io:println("-----------------Calling createBucket() ------------------");
    var createBucketResponse = amazonS3Client->createBucket(bucketName);
    if (createBucketResponse is amazons3:Status) {

>         // If successful, prints the status value as true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // If successful, print the status of the operation.
```

        boolean status = createBucketResponse.success;
        io:println("Bucket Status: " + status);
    } else {
        // If unsuccessful, print the error returned.
        io:println("Error: ", createBucketResponse);
    }

    io:println("-----------------Calling getBucketList() ------------------");
    var getBucketListResponse = amazonS3Client->getBucketList();
    if (getBucketListResponse is amazons3:Bucket[]) {
        io:println("Listing all buckets: ");
        foreach var bucket in getBucketListResponse {

>             io:println("Bucket Name: " + bucket.name);

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            io:println("Bucket Name: ", bucket.name);
```

        }
    } else {
        io:println("Error: ", getBucketListResponse);
    }

    io:println("-----------------Calling createObject() ------------------");
    var createObjectResponse = amazonS3Client->createObject(bucketName, "test.txt", "Sample content");
    if (createObjectResponse is amazons3:Status) {
        boolean status = createObjectResponse.success;
        io:println("Create object status: " + status);
    } else {
        io:println("Error: ", createObjectResponse);
    }

    io:println("-----------------Calling getObject() ------------------");
    var getObjectResponse = amazonS3Client->getObject(bucketName, "test.txt");
    if (getObjectResponse is amazons3:S3Object) {
        io:println(getObjectResponse);
        string content = getObjectResponse.content;

>         io:println("Object content: " + content);

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        io:println("Object content: ", content);
```

    } else {
        io:println("Error: ", getObjectResponse);
    }

    io:println("-----------------Calling getAllObjects() ------------------");
    var getAllObjectsResponse = amazonS3Client->getAllObjects(bucketName);
    if (getAllObjectsResponse is amazons3:S3Object[]) {
        io:println("Listing all object: ");
        foreach var s3Object in getAllObjectsResponse {
        io:println("---------------------------------");

>         io:println("Object Name: " + s3Object.objectName);

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        io:println("Object Name: ", s3Object.objectName);
```

>         io:println("Object Size: " + s3Object.objectSize);

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        io:println("Object Size: ", s3Object.objectSize);
```
